Welcome to the Ruby Arena game overview.

The game currently has 4 playable characters: Ruby, Weiss, Blake and Yang.

Each of them has 1 movement ability, 1 damaging ability, and 1 default attack. We will only go over 2 of them here, to keep this overview short. For more in-depth spotlight of each huntress please refer to their champion spotlights.

Default attacks differ between characters in their cooldown, damage, and range, otherwise they work the same. They damage all enemies in front of the character, and within the attacks range.

Ruby:

Her default attack is a long range, long cooldown and high damage attack.

Ruby's movement ability is temporarily transforming into Rose Form. When in Rose Form she gains a massive movement speed boost and is not affected by gravity. Please note that she can still use her other abilities during Rose Form.

For her damaging ability, Ruby uses her weapon as a sniper rifle, and shoots a single shot that travels instantly, dealing significant damage to the first enemy hit.

Yang:

Yang's default attack is a low cooldown low range and low damage attack.

Her movement ability is a short dash. When used, Yang will dash towards the direction she is currently running.

Yang's damaging ability has an active and a passive part. Passively, when Yang receives damage, she gains stacks of "Rage". Actively she shoots a burst of flames from her gauntlets, damaging enemies in a cone in front of her, consuming the stacks, and dealing extra damage for every stack. Additionally, when the stacks go above 30, her gauntlets set ablaze.

-------------------------
Welcome to RUBY ARENA champion spotlight, featuring: Yang

Like every other character in the game, Yang has 2 special abilities and a default attack.

Her default attack is a short range, low cooldown attack dealing 15 points of damage.

Her movement ability is a short dash. When used, Yang will dash towards the direction she is currently running.

Yang's damaging ability has an active and a passive part. Passively, when Yang receives damage, she gains stacks of "Rage". Actively she shoots a burst of flames from her gauntlets, damaging enemies in a cone in front of her, consuming the stacks, and dealing additional damage for every stack. Additionally, when the stacks go above 30, her gauntlets set ablaze.


----------
Welcome to RUBY ARENA champion spotlight, featuring: Weiss: The Ice Queen 

Like every other character in the game, Weiss has 2 special abilities and a default attack.

Her default attack is a medium range, medium cooldown attack dealing damage to all enemies in front of her.

Her movement ability is a short dash. When used, Weiss will dash towards the direction she is currently running.

Weiss does not have a usual damaging ability, instead her last ability is a skillshot that, upon hitting another character will lock them in a glyph prison, stunning them for 2 seconds. When stunned the enemy cannot move, attack or use their abilities.


-----------
Welcome to RUBY ARENA champion spotlight, featuring: Ruby: The silver eyed warrior.

Like every other character in the game, Ruby has 2 special abilities and a default attack.

Her default attack is a long range, high cooldown attack dealing damage to all enemies in front of her.

Rubys' movement ability is Rose Form. Ruby uses her semblance and transforms into a cloud of rose petals for 5 seconds. When in Rose Form, Ruby can fly, negating gravity, and gains a huge movement speed boost. Its important to remember that she can still use other abilities during Rose Form.

For her damaging ability, Ruby uses her weapon as a sniper rifle, and shoots a single shot that travels instantly, dealing significant damage to the first enemy hit.
-------------
Welcome to RUBY ARENA champion spotlight, featuring: Blake Belladona.

Like every other character in the game, Blake has 2 special abilities and a default attack.

Her default attack is a long range, low cooldown attack dealing damage to all enemies in front of her.

Blakes' movement ability is Blink. She teleports in the direction the player is looking.

Her damaging ability is Slash. Blake slashes her weapons creating a small shockwave that travels forward and dealing a small amount of damage.   With the short cooldown she can rain fire on any enemy approaching her!